Add new Dutch policy report (#1245)
publiccodenet/about: activities/value-and-impact/policy-documents.md

## 2022

> * Netherlands Ministry of the Interior and Kingdom Relations: [Open source working: beyond the voluntary approach](https://www.rijksoverheid.nl/documenten/rapporten/2022/09/13/opensourcewerken-de-vrijblijvendheid-voorbij)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Ministry of the Interior and Kingdom Relations of  Netherlands: [Open source working: beyond the voluntary approach](https://www.rijksoverheid.nl/documenten/rapporten/2022/09/13/opensourcewerken-de-vrijblijvendheid-voorbij)
```

> * Netherlands Ministry of the Interior and Kingdom Relations: [Open source working: beyond the voluntary approach](https://www.rijksoverheid.nl/documenten/rapporten/2022/09/13/opensourcewerken-de-vrijblijvendheid-voorbij)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Netherlands Ministry of the Interior and Kingdom Relations: [Open source working: beyond the non-binding approach](https://www.rijksoverheid.nl/documenten/rapporten/2022/09/13/opensourcewerken-de-vrijblijvendheid-voorbij)
```

> * Ministry of the Interior and Kingdom Relations of  Netherlands: [Open source working: beyond the voluntary approach](https://www.rijksoverheid.nl/documenten/rapporten/2022/09/13/opensourcewerken-de-vrijblijvendheid-voorbij)

Author: ```suggestion
* Ministry of the Interior and Kingdom Relations of  Netherlands: [Open source working: beyond the non-binding approach](https://www.rijksoverheid.nl/documenten/rapporten/2022/09/13/opensourcewerken-de-vrijblijvendheid-voorbij)
```

> * Ministry of the Interior and Kingdom Relations of  Netherlands: [Open source working: beyond the voluntary approach](https://www.rijksoverheid.nl/documenten/rapporten/2022/09/13/opensourcewerken-de-vrijblijvendheid-voorbij)

Reviewer 2: Is the word "the" missing here?

> * Ministry of the Interior and Kingdom Relations of  Netherlands: [Open source working: beyond the non-binding approach](https://www.rijksoverheid.nl/documenten/rapporten/2022/09/13/opensourcewerken-de-vrijblijvendheid-voorbij)

Reviewer 2: Should this read "the Netherlands"

Author: Google for some reason renders it without in its info sidebar, but I can't find any official or unofficial doc that also does that. I'll add it back.

> * Ministry of the Interior and Kingdom Relations of  Netherlands: [Open source working: beyond the non-binding approach](https://www.rijksoverheid.nl/documenten/rapporten/2022/09/13/opensourcewerken-de-vrijblijvendheid-voorbij)

Author: ```suggestion
* Ministry of the Interior and Kingdom Relations of the Netherlands: [Open source working: beyond the non-binding approach](https://www.rijksoverheid.nl/documenten/rapporten/2022/09/13/opensourcewerken-de-vrijblijvendheid-voorbij)
```
